We saw how to use a resource in the last video with a default action and whilst this is a bit shorter than
this http post and then in setting up like this, we didn't save that much space.
Now it becomes more powerful if you create your own actions,
so I will create a new constant custom actions here in the created hook and be aware, you could of
course also set up these resources here in a more central place and access them on a central object
or whatever you like, so that you can share it across multiple vue components
but here, I'll keep it in this one.
So here, custom actions, I want to create an action which I'll name saveAlt for save alternative
or something like this and this will now be an object where I configure this action.
I set up the method, well
this shall be post though it will be overridden to put anyways
but then I will also set up the URL and I want to have a URL of alternatives.json, instead
of data.
json.
Now with that set up, I can go up to my submit method here and now, I can simply use this though in order
to be able to use my own custom method,
I have to pass new arguments to my resource set up here.
The second argument will be empty,
this would allow me to pass a variable data into the URL,
I'll come back to this soon
and a third argument are my custom actions,
so this object I set up here which only has one action right now but that's enough.
Now with this custom action place, I can access my resource again and call saveAlt,
the thing I just set up and of course I also pass this user like before but now we should see that
a new node gets created on the backend on firebase.
Well let's try this out by reloading the application, entering some data here and hit submit and on the back
end, we did see a new node, alternative was created and our data is stored here because now we're using
the saveAlt resource here.
And you can hopefully see how it would easily be possible to create multiple quick resources here with
different URLs and then use them just like this in different places having a highest degree of
flexibility without having to hardcode everything over and over again if you reused the same resource
twice and another resource three times,
well this is how you can easily store it in a central place down there and then simply use it here
on this resource.